Removes wrapping of properties in favor of always respecting `noAccessor` (#454)
Polymer/lit-element: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
* Fix jsfiddle reference.

### Changed

> * [Breaking] Property accessors are no longer wrapped when they already exist. Instead the `noAccessor` flag should be set when a user defined accessor is created. ([#450](https://github.com/Polymer/lit-element/issues/450)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Breaking] Property accessors are no longer wrapped when they already exist. Instead the `noAccessor` flag should be set when a user-defined accessor exists on the prototype (and in this case, user-defined accessors must call `requestUpdate` themselves). ([#450](https://github.com/Polymer/lit-element/issues/450)).
```

> * [Breaking] Property accessors are no longer wrapped when they already exist. Instead the `noAccessor` flag should be set when a user defined accessor is created. ([#450](https://github.com/Polymer/lit-element/issues/450)).

Reviewer 2: I think you can remove the "`noAccessor` flag should be set" part

Author: Added content @kevinpschaaf suggested.
